=pod

=head1 NAME

PGP::Words::Tiny - Convert data to/from the PGP word list

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use PGP::Words::Tiny qw/encode_pgp_hex decode_pgp_hex/;

  say join " ", encode_pgp_hex("0xe582"); # "topmost Istanbul"

  say decode_pgp_hex("topmost Istanbul"); # "0xe582"

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module converts octets to or from the
L<PGP Word List|http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PGP_word_list>, allowing
a byte sequence to be conveyed via easily readable words.

It is similar in function to L<Crypt::OpenPGP::Words>, but without requiring
all of L<Crypt::OpenPGP>.  It also provided decoding functions.

=head1 USAGE

=head2 encode_pgp

  @words = encode_pgp( $octets );

Returns a list of words drawn from the PGP word list correponding to each octet
in the input string.  Even-position octets (starting at octet zero) are drawn from the
even word list.  Odd-position octets are drawn from the odd word list.

Proper nouns are capitalized as per the official word list.

=head2 encode_pgp_hex

  @words = encode_pgp_hex( $hex_digits );

Converts a string of hex digits (with or without leading "0x") to an octet
string and returns the result of passing that octet string to C<encode_pgp>.

=head2 decode_pgp

  $octets = decode_pgp( @words );  # qw/topmost Istanbul/
  $octets = decode_pgp( $string ); # qq/topmost Istanbul/

Returns a string of octets decoded from a list of PGP words or from a
space-separated string of PGP words.  An exception is thrown if a word
is not in the PGP word list or is not in the correct even/odd position.

Input words are not case sensistive.

=head2 decode_pgp_hex

  $hex_string = decode_pgp_hex( @words );
  $hex_string = decode_pgp_hex( $string );

Returns a string of hex digits (preceded by "0x") decoded from a list
of PGP words.  It otherwise functions like C<decode_pgp>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Crypt::OpenPGP::Words>

=item *

L<PGP Word List|http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PGP_word_list>.

=back

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com//pgp-words-tiny/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/pgp-words-tiny>

  git clone git://github.com/dagolden/pgp-words-tiny.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2012 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

